The main changes this time are the addition of entities. These have been floating
about since the tool began but this is the first time that they have been made
public.

The intent is that these represent objects outside the current tool, like test cases
test conditions, use cases, specification docs etc.

You can define as many custom fields on these as required.

Eventually these will link to other tools but at the moment these are internal.

Entities can be xref'd to nodes, links, paths and other entity instances.
This is done by opening the entity to be xref'd too i.e. node properties
opening the relationships tab and dragging the desired entity from the *tree*

only entity instances can be dragged from the tree.

The xref matrix for the xreferences can be viewed by right clicking on the entity
instance branch (*) and choosing the "References Matrix" option.

These can be exported to csv or tab delimited file.

This provides an alternative to using spreadsheets to maintain xrefs but not
having the ability to store any other information about the entity.

The xref matrix can also be edited to delete or create cross references.

The changes in detail are:
--------------------------

added a generic entitiesDefn and entitiesInstance object
added entityDefnEdit form
added entityInstanceEdit form

added doubleclick code to the tree for node, link, graph, path, deconstructed graph
added toolbar to edit graph form for editing properties
and show/hide text details

changed deconstruct so that flatten has to be the first action
     this prevents a deconstruct serialising the parallels

added a toolbar show/hide button on graph edit

centered edit weighting dialog in mdi form

added import entity definition from text file
added export entity definition to text file

added short names to nodes and links to help the deconstructed graphs

added the basic relationship cross referencing on to nodes
              added the relationships to link as well
              limited xreferencing to links, nodes and entityInstances

double click on reference in the grid will open that thing for editing
allow xreferencing with entity instances too

allow editing/adding of instances by clicking on an entity in the tree
added user defined entity templates
added double clicking on a link adds link to the path
added relationships to Paths
added matrix functionality - currently only on entities (rightclick Relationship Matrix)
export matrix to csv or tab (rightclick on 0,0 choose export)